This is love, even for you.
Can you walk? You're quite right.
This doesn't change your fate now, does it?
You're in my hands now. There's no escaping this time.
You said you could handle wine, right?
I'll make sure you drink plenty.
I can't believe I ever considered you a friend.
My friend? I didn't realize you considered me a friend.
Oh, the great Irene.
Oh, it's so great, weren't you?
Who was throwing faves at me if you were in fucking eager?
Irene, my dear, foolish and innocent sister,
how could you let your good heart get stomped on by such trash?
I helped you, your career. I helped promote you.
You are grateful, bitch!
Don't do it, grateful one.
You're lucky you're not even dead yet.
But you will be. Soon.
In this time, it won't be from such great height.
You don't even remember that I've never moved to you.
What about it?
You caught me and went together.
So do you avoid any issues, Irene?
I followed you up to the roof.
And I pushed you.
It was a part.
Except for the fact that you're still alive.
So you weren't pushed away?
Not just me, darling. Your dear husband.
When? He also helped.